# OWD Steering Committee call, 15-06-2023

**Present:** Estelle Weyl (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Hamish Willee (Mozilla), Michael Smith (W3C)

**Regrets:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Eric Meyer (Igalia), William Bamberg (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla),  Rachel Andrew (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft),  Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C),  Lola Odelola, Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet)

**Chair**: Vinyl

**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

1. Projects
    - BCD
        - [BCD 2020+ data accuracy](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/85) Vinyl and Florian are working through the backlog. Less than 60 files to go through out of more than 200 that we had. We should be able to get thru all of them, and be able to have 100% accuracy for CSS, JS and HTML on BCD. Florian and Vinyl are tackling this one.
        - WebAssembly will be added as a category
    - PWA
        - CycleTracker intro level tutorial in PR - [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/27314](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/27314)
        - We should be able to say we have complete documentation, even though we can always add more, by the end of the quarter.
    - CSS module
        - CSS multicol layout complete.
        - Eleven modules complete thus far.
    - Glossary
        - Accessible name term added
        - Maplike and setlike is not going into glossary, but into js instead
2. Content planning
    - We met yesterday to asses OWD’s H1 projects and to discuss potential H2 projects, see  for notes.
    - Please submit new project ideas at [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/new/choose](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/new/choose)
3. Announcements
    - Prettierification project of all mdn/content is almost complete, one folder left
    - (For those who aren’t aware,) Schalk is no longer at Mozilla

## Notes

- Hamish: excited about webassembly in BCD. \
Vinyl: Mendy Berger did a lot of work to add web assembly as a category as there aren’t a lot of places to track WASM. There’s a JS method to test, but that can make dev more complicated than it would be if there were a bcd resource.
- Hamish: Brian added in the sidebars to the glossary.
- Tech specific glossaries via front matter or disambiguation.
- Estelle: Actually having keywords in the glossary matter might be helpful
- Ideas:
  - Prettier being automated on CI / in the github GUI
  - Sidebars, but most have been fixed.
  - SVG
- Hamish: Who is replacing Schalk? What did he do that needs coverage? AO Ask Ruth.
- Stackoverflow moderators are on strike. There’s been a lot of ChatGPT spam, that community moderators are flagging, and elected moderators are able to delete and block user. 6K users have been suspended. SO is saying no one can know if it’s chatGPT so are against this moderation and blame moderation for loss of users. We send a mod notice saying it’s chatGPT. Some people admit it and reply that they didn’t know it’s against the rules. SO now has proof b/c people admit it, so mods now have to go thru all the messages to find the admissions to send to SO
