# OWD Steering Committee call, 02-08-2023

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft)

**Regrets:** Rachel Andrew (Google), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Florian Dieminger (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Jory Burson (OWD), Hamish Willee (Mozilla), Michael Smith (W3C), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Robert Nyman (Google),  Kyle Pflug (Microsoft),  Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C),  Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet)

**Chair**: Florian
**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

1. Announcements
    - New blog post
        - [https://openwebdocs.org/content/posts/cycletracker/](https://openwebdocs.org/content/posts/cycletracker/)
        - Toot: [https://front-end.social/@openwebdocs/110815561000437120](https://front-end.social/@openwebdocs/110815561000437120)
2. Updates on H2 projects ([H2 tracking issue](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/171))
    - CSS Modules
        - scoping
    - WebIDL
        - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/159](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/159)
        - [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/28213](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/28213) [LegacyNullToEmptyString]
    - Embedding
        - Working on mdn-flavored-markdown and mdn-kumascript
        - For KS, embedlivesample, cssxref, are tricky (so far)
    - BCD
        - 2020+ accuracy for HTML and SVG folders - starting today
        - Automatic updates on new browser releases - researching
3. Other
    - Localization teams more excited to improve translated-content
        - Vinyl will be helping guide the teams from a distance while working on other projects (ex. BCD)
    - (Brian) Going to look at GitHub teams some time again in future (housekeeping)
    - Holidays:
        - Florian August 17 until September 4.
        - Estelle: Sept 4 is labor day. Vacation Sept 5-8
        - Brian: Parental leave Sept 17 -> 16 October
        - Vinyl: October 30-Nov 2
        - Moz: All-hands coming up (21 -> 25 August)

## Notes

- CycleTracker app is getting some social media love.
- Scoping module should be done today
- (Florian) JY is working on WebIEL project. Started with null to empty string. There is already a PR. Have a look.
- BCD we want to work on 2020 accuracy for svg next. For automation, Vinyl is doing research for the automation. When browser stack or sauce labs has the new browser is when we can actually test, so their date is more important thab when the vendor releases the browser. (Patrick) Release dates are known in advance, but as those dates shift, it’s tricky to automate that, but we possible could. (F) it will not be fully automatic, but almost automation with just a little human intervention would be a good goal.
- Will - working on two packages to create json out of mdn content- used pieces of yari and Peggy to specify the parser.  Starting on macros in CSS documentation. Rendering BCD table is likely the most complex. Sidebar is not part of this project. (V) let’s create a BCD table renderer.
- (Everyone) yes please. Conner Shea may have already tried creating one.
- (Will) Discussion on removing Xref macros has not resolved. Removing them is not required for this project.The XRef macros are each different as each has a large number of exceptions and idiosyncrasies they’re handing. Living blogging it in slack. If anyone can help, especially to make it faster, would be great. Open to suggestions for improvements
- Vinyl - localizations - submitted last pull request for formatting localized content with prettier. Pivoting to guiding role for the int’l teams.
- Will - the front matter is different in en-us than other localities
- Vinyl - that has been resolved. Title, short title, slug, and localization-specific keys are included. We should have everything automated and ensuring there’s not duplication soon.
- Brian - looking at what in github needs to be renamed and updated. And adding vinyl where it makes sense. Did not add V due to round robin.
- (Estelle) MDN team nudge to set up a get together during the all hands.
