# OWD Steering Committee call, 15-06-2022

**Present:** Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Lola Odelola (Samsung)

**Regrets:** Eric Meyer (Igalia), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Dominic Cooney (Meta), William Bamberg (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Florian Scholz (OWD), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Jory Burson (Guest), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Chair:** Estelle

**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

- GC update - no one present
- Staff update
    - (Estelle- 
    - (Vinyl)
        - BCD updates as usual!
        - GlobalEventHandlers demixing in progress – BCD PRs almost done, content PRs incoming
- Branding update
- Other discussions
    - (Dipika) I got a question for Rachel if she’s attending today about the media query [update](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/update-frequency) feature
- Announcements

## Minutes

- No GC update
- Estelle - specificity rewritten. Most popular page. 
- Vinyl: 
  - BCD is continuing to be updated.
  - Working on globalEventhandlers. Currently demixing the last mixin.
  - Ruth: there’s a css page that isn’t getting BCD data. unsure why. Is the BCD updated.
  - Vinyl: Yari is failing. Possibly due to typescript issue. There is a PR
  - Ruth: will speak to schalk about issue
  - Vinyl will update Yari. Schalk can review the PR.  Edit: PR already made!  [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/6490](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/6490)

- There was a change in Typescript to auto generate for semantic versioning reasons. (Should possibly have been released as a major version instead of minor. Next time!) It’s covered in semantic versioning now, so should be better in the future.

- Lola: Started the website coding. HTML for 2.5 pages. Skeleton of HTML is kind of getting there. Will copy HTML and CSS into Hugo. This will be priority for the next 2 weeks (til 23rd). Haven’t heard from designer. Following up. Name of designer: Vladimir. If no communication by Friday, we may need to up the communication

- Vinyl: PDF is vector, so we can get the data out.
