# OWD Steering Committee call, 13-04-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Will Bamberg (OWD), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Lola Odelola (Samsung),  Robert Nyman (Google), Rachel Andrew (Google), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Daniel Beck (Mozilla), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla)

**Regrets:** Jory Burson (Guest),  Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil),  Jon Davis (Apple),  Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Note taker:** Will

## Agenda

1. Please welcome Dipika to the OWD Steering Committee taking Daniel’s Mozilla seat!
2. (Florian)
    - Still working on events. WindowEventHandlers and GlobalEventHandlers remaining.
    - Reminder: The Q2 projects are defined: [2022 Q2 Projects ](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/95)
3. (Will)
    - Some more work on the website
    - [Q1 IA report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17mKLR7q16GRgENZr1xS4cixUCdD3i9hKkdYFGF2ftbU/edit) review
    - Lots of PRs and issues
    - Just getting started on page types
4. (Vinyl)
    - Starting w/ Mozilla contract on the 15th
5. (Estelle)  Closing issues. Start on Layers 
6. (Jean-Yves)
   - Work on colors is ongoing. \
Last week it was pointed out that we need more guides, especially cross-technology guides. Here is a first list of articles around colors:
     - "Creating websites with a light and a dark mode". That will use the modern color media-queries but bridges with CSS variables, (but also maybe the system colors that form a different alternative pattern for this)
     - "Ensuring websites still work in high-contrast mode". High-contrast mode constrains the color palette (we need to document this). This bridges color (System keywords) and accessibility.
     - An article about supporting wide-gamut screens (and colors)
     - Another about color profile for images but also for colors
     - Picking colors with enough contrast to meet AA and AAA
     - Creating color schemes: selecting themes based on hue or on brightness. I think this may be a thing designers do, but I am not a designer. (basically, explain how changing one value h, s, or l, can lead to [ https://mycolor.space/](https://mycolor.space/) or something similar)
7. (Lola) Write the Docs


## Notes

* Q1 report: (Dominic): can we have traffic metrics from Mozilla for areas we’ve worked on (accessibility and JS Learn). Let’s do this for Q2. Ruth can provide traffic numbers for these area that can act as a baseline, then we will measure again for the Q2 report. Dominic: also to get traffic numbers for areas we are neglecting.
* Layers: (Ruth) is Estelle going to touch @import? Estelle: not this week. 
* Color guides: (Lola): has JYP started working on this? No. (Lola) has content she has written on these topics that we could use. (Dominic) this looks like a great list. (Lola): is it out of scope for MDN to have its own contrast color picker? No, not out of scope, would be a really valuable addition to MDN. We have something like this for color picking but the implementation is hacky.
* Vinyl. Estelle, Lola are going to work on logo/branding and come back with some ideas.
* Lola: has a talk she might like to give under OWD, is that OK? Everyone: yes. CFP for main talks are closed for Portland WtD, but lighting talks/unconference sessions are still totally possible.