# OWD Steering Committee call, 18-05-2022

**Present:** Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD),William Bamberg (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla), Estelle Weyl (OWD),  Robert Nyman (Google), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD)

**Regrets:**  Eric Meyer (Igalia),Florian Scholz (OWD), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Rachel Andrew (Google), Jory Burson (Guest), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Chair:** Will

**Note taker:** Estelle

**Agenda**

1. (Jean-Yves)
    - Issues and PRs
    - Fixed a lot of sidebars: they were not updated for a long time and had a lot of broken links.
    - "Flaws" are below 6000 now (from 17000 1 year ago)
2. (Estelle)
    - Cascade and inheritance
    - !important
    - Issues and PRs
3. (Will)
    - Drafted page types for [JavaScript](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16156) as well as [CSS](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/15540), would appreciate help discussing difficult cases. Currently working through Web/API.
    - Removed live sample inclusions from other pages (aka the page macro but for live samples). When these are gone from translated-content, KumaScript simplifications become possible.
    - Will be preparing for Write the Docs for the rest of this week.
    - CSSSyntax/webref work is waiting engineering review
4. (Vinyl)
    - Migrated BCD to ESM
    - Deprecating and removing old KumaScript macros
    - Working on localization support for Yari itself
5. (Other)
    - VSCode is using mdn/data and they use it for experimental flag (see [https://github.com/mdn/data/issues/582](https://github.com/mdn/data/issues/582) ) How to deal with it? Finding the right way to do it, then contacting them?
    - Logo updates (Lola)

**Notes:**

**JYP**: Below 6,000 flaws. Last year 17,000. Should be done in a year. The last flaws will take longer. Done with task for next 6 weeks. 833 bad BCD links meaning at least 800 missing pages. Need to figure out which pages need to be written. Some flaws are duplicate: bad BCD and bad link, so may be 2000 flaws that are really 800 issues.

We can sort flaws by important pages. We may want to prioritize flaws. Before prioritizing was not possible. Now it is manageable to work with. Some of these may be easier to write, such as the HTML attribute pages that are already partially written.

**Estelle:** hopes to work on the [attributes](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/1712) next quarter.

**Estelle:** Cascade and inheritance, likely people should read it as I learned writing it. !important should be published today. Been working on Issues and PRs, completing or fixing a lot of issues.

**Will:** Been working on page types. Finding difficult pages that don’t fit well into a taxonomy. Looking for input. Interesting in terms of how we may want to treat pages differently. The Web/API pages are simpler than Js or CSS, from a taxonomy standpoint.

**Will:** Spent time with JY working on the live sample transclusion. The work will enable devs to make KumaScript much simpler. Will spend the rest of the week on Write the Docs. Start with how to do a PR with Github UI.

**JY:** for WtD, prepare an easy task, and do it as an example. Helps if you’ve never seen GH before. It’s a requirement to have a GH account.

**Will:** CSSSyntax rewrite is waiting for a review. **Ruth:** will badger Claas to get a review before paternity leave.

**Vinyl:** Working on BCD PRs. BCD internals: all migrated to ESM. Next week public version will be importable by pure ESM with a wrapper for old node versions. Deprecating and removing old KumaScript macros,  especially those for localization. Hopefully we can get rid of KS. new project: localization support for Yari engine, making Yari more usable for localized efforts.

**Will:** Removing macros from translations has been difficult. But recently the l10n community has been really on it.

**JY:** We are below 200 macros. We used to be over 1000. It’s getting to a manageable size. OK to still use link macros b/c they will be easy to replace.

If we want to remove the link macros, what do we replace it with. Keep making the life of contributors easier.

**JY:** VSCode is using our data. We need to speak with them before making changes to MDN data, as that data is being used.

**Will:** For CSS, we should point users of MDN-data to webref.

**Dominique**: Webref may be the best place to maintain it. We should speak directly to VS code about what data to use and what we want them to use.

**Ruth:** pointing people to webref is more useful. Data will not be suddenly retired. It is released as a package. Don't want to be jerks.

**Will:** We still use mdn/data for CSSInfo, so will not retire it for a while.

**Lola:** Update on logo. Caterpillar mascot available in different contexts. Posting link to PDF in slack.

**Lola:** Date for site and logo is before the end of June.
