# OWD Steering Committee call, 11-05-2022

**Present:** Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD),William Bamberg (OWD), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla),  Eric Meyer (Igalia), Robert Nyman (Google),

**Regrets:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD),

Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Rachel Andrew (Google), Jory Burson (Guest), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Chair:** Will

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

## Agenda

1. (Jean-Yves)
    - Any last feedback about the WTD Announcement
    - Did a ton of cleaning!
        - We are able to remove the {{page}} macro is gone.
            - From 370 to 0 in a bit one year
            - A huge and big thank you to Hamish who did most of the world
        - Cleaned all sidebars (Yeah!)
    - Back on CSS Colors starting tomorrow.
2. (Will)
    - Write the Docs:
        - Writing Day PR: [https://github.com/writethedocs/www/pull/1716](https://github.com/writethedocs/www/pull/1716)
        - Writing Day activities: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QNMGDt-I2hW_RWTzq9a60IzZsh6fDn80kW3N4WWG_TU/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QNMGDt-I2hW_RWTzq9a60IzZsh6fDn80kW3N4WWG_TU/edit#) . Will talk with Dipika and Jean-Yves about how we can make the Writing Day successful.
        - OWD announcement about our sponsorship and participation: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gWt3dknbobacu-if4H4lqmBWeDgniNcqBAiPQZ7A0h0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gWt3dknbobacu-if4H4lqmBWeDgniNcqBAiPQZ7A0h0/edit) - to publish on the Open Collective site.
    - Volunteer [NiedziolkaMichal](https://github.com/NiedziolkaMichal) has been doing lots of impressive work on interactive examples, in particular [https://github.com/mdn/bob/pull/779](https://github.com/mdn/bob/pull/779) which I believe would enable us to write interactive examples for Web APIs, a large and potentially very valuable project (interactive examples are regularly reported as one of the most useful bits of MDN, and Web/APIs are the most important bit of MDN still lacking them).
3. OWD Branding (Lola)
    - (JY): will we use Hugo or something else? (We have announcement for WTD and I would like to add it there too.
4. Announcements and other topics
    - is on a mandated break. He will be returning Aug 1.
    - Estelle Weyl Status:
        - Attending Google I/O today
        - Completed a rewire of Cascade. Currently in PR review
        - Working on !important doc. MDN had none.

## Notes

* **(Ruth)**: re: interactive examples for Web APIs.  I'm more interesting about stability: will we have example in every API. (Will) Not on every one, but on a lot of them. **(Ruth)** would like to see the PR from NedziolkaMichal. **(Ruth)** How does this influence the repository we have? **(Will)** Most examples will be pretty small so they don't  need in their own repository, so it works well with the current structure The question is which API will responds the best to this model, and which will not.

* **(Lola)**: Waiting on Estelle to give her for the copy of some pages. Julia delegates the logo to Vladimir. No idea if there. Not necessary Hugo, but will fork from it here.

* **(Robert)**: If we would like to cut something from MDN, what? **(All)**: Games or tool-related docs

* **(Robert)** What about that all dev use a third-party abstraction: will we writing that documentation or will we just become irrelevant **(Lola)** Some sites (React) have outdated documentation anyway. Don't think that everybody has to have everybody **(Ruth)** If they can't maintain themselves, How would we be able to? **(Robert)** I'm biases about the core web, but curious to see how the world evolving.

* **(Lola)** Developer council: Research about how W3C is perceived outside W3C? Looking for help. If interested can you ping lola on Slack. Goal: find things that need to be updated inside W3C.
