# OWD Steering Committee call, 2021-02-03

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD); Robert Nyman (Google); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Jory Burson (Guest); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Chris Mills (Mozilla), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Lola Odelola (Samsung)

**Regrets:** Adrian Hope-Bailie (Coil); Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); 

## Agenda / notes

1. RESOLVED: OWD [prioritization criteria](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/blob/main/steering-committee/prioritization-criteria.md) has been ratified. 
    - Thanks everyone for your participation
    - These criteria will guide our next steps in prioritization / roadmapping.
2. OWD January worklog post
    - Florian will report monthly about OWD workstreams and activities
    - Idea is to keep backers and funders up to date and to be transparent what the money is used for
    - If you’ve done stuff as part of your SC membership, happy to add it to the post. Let Florian know!
    - Publishing first one tomorrow Feb 4.
3. OWD Comms Channel Strategy
    - Jory took this action item last meeting
    - Need to workout where to post what best
    - Current channels: Twitter, Newsletter, Open Collective blog
    - Potential channels: Slack, GitHub discussions
    - Brainstorm: Which benefits can we offer to financial backers? Add them to GitHub org? Write insights posts to backers only? 
4. MDN Content updates
    - See also [Editorial Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ANeo9ZlQMLPrX_4xsQXkItEnXCAOJYoVQQrZqLQEKlI/edit#)
    - Florian works on resolving how to document mixins & dictionaries. Opened PRs for proof of concepts.
    - Chris has been doing tonnes of reviews, and writing a bunch of missing meta docs, e.g. plagiarism policy, how to create redirects, how to unarchive pages
    - Chris has also been answering questions from lots of Fx engineers about moving Fx docs off MDN
    - Chris has also been working on next outreach for latest on MDN l10n updates, next moves, etc.
    - Chris has also written more around the content opportunity assessment, and how it is going to work. 
5. BCD Update
    - Florian also figures out [mixins for BCD](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/8929).
    - Daniel and Florian met to discuss the PR queue and also how it might be worthwhile to do a community sprint to resolve relatively easy BCD issues.
6. OWD planning
    - Florian to look into OWD success metrics next
    - [MDN collaboration plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1htO_UtBgovgB2cPHaP0KCS-UBYha4ov1Y_PLpxBMCHU/edit?ts=60055e59#): Chris and Florian continue work on this 