# OWD Steering Committee call, 21-07-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD); Dominic Cooney (Facebook), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil); Jory Burson (Guest); Eric Meyer (Igalia); Lola Odelola (Samsung),  Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains), Philip Jägenstedt (Google); Will Bamberg (OWD), 

**Regrets:** Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C),Joel Marcey (Facebook), Hermina Condei (Mozilla); Ruth John (Mozilla), Rob Dodson (Google),

# Agenda

1. Markdown! \o/
    - JS docs are now in Markdown!!!
2. (Florian) XR docs
    - Started cleaning the reference docs (no separate pages for dictionaries, enums, callbacks & removed unnecessary banners)
    - Adding missing reference docs
        - Core spec mostly documented, but missing a few modules
    - What should be considered experimental?
    - Next steps:
        - Look into cleaning tutorials, landing pages
        - Get familiar with XR browsers and their compat story for BCD
- Write the Docs Prague - Lola
- BCD update (Philip/Vinyl’s project)

# Notes

* Markdown: 
    * JS docs are done
    * Working on Temporal and other in-flight PRs
    * Need to update contributing docs
* WebXR: see agenda^
* WtD Prague:
    * Agreed on Prague in October
    * wbamberg will work on a PR for the WtD Writing Day
    * Work out what to work on: tag issues
    * Talk about what we want to gain from the event/how to measure success.
    * Robert: do we have a plan for working with contributors? Lola: no but we should.
* BCD (Philip):
    * Making API data complete and with real values: every feature that’s in a spec and in a current browser. Now there’s lots of stuff in BCD without MDN pages - maybe there should be a process for flagging this so they can be written. 90%->95% complete, but the last 5% is going to be slow. Florian: would be interested to see WebXR data that’s being added.
    * Should improve tools and integrate them into the BCD repo.
    * Robert: has there been discussion of the value of BCD? Philip: It’s hard to extract the value, make high-level insights available as a dashboard or query language. See e.g. [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/11189](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/11189) . Can we use BCD to send signals to browser vendors about things that are unsupported but desirable? Robert: when we show support for a feature that’s only in preview, is there a risk that it implies that the feature will end up shipping in release? 
